updated fiab documentation (#285)
cisco-open/flame: docs/03.A-fiab-linux.md

# Fiab installation in linux

> The fiab env was tested under Archlinux in a x86 machine. But steps can be followed for similar OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guideline is mainly for Ubuntu in a x86 machine and steps can be followed for other linux distributions with their respective package mangers.
```

sudo groupadd docker
sudo usermod -aG docker $USER && newgrp docker
```

## Starting minikube
Run the following command to start minikube.
```bash
minikube start
```
The default resource allocation is 2 CPU, 4GB memory and 20GB disk.
In order to change these parameters, use `--cpus`, `--memory` and `--disk-size` respectively.
For example,
```bash
minikube start --cpus 4 --memory 4096m --disk-size 100gb
```
When `docker` driver is in use, run ```minikube config set driver docker``` to make docker driver default. These changes will take effect upon a minikube delete and then a minikube start.

We recommend a disk space of 100GB to allow sufficient disk space to store the flame container images and other images in the minikube VM.

> Next, `ingress` and `ingress` addons need to be installed with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, `ingress` and `ingress-dns` addons need to be installed with the following command:
```
